oh my favorite thing has occurred I have
convinced I was able to convince an
industrial company to send me a new very
expensive toy I mean tool this thing
here is the Ein scan Pro 2x V2 and it's
going to allow us to 3D scan things that
well we could scan before it was a huge
pain in the air this makes it so much
easier by the way it doesn't come in
this box we put it in this just to make
sure that it stays safe when we're
moving it between the sets and stuff the
first thing we've gotten here isn't the
scanner itself but the fastest laptop
that we could find pretty much because
the system requirements for this thing
are off the charts it's recommended to
have a minimum of 32 GB of RAM an
i78700 and a 1060 now we have greatly
exceeded that this right here has 64 GB
of RAM I think a 3080 or something like
that anyway this thing is wicked wicked
fast because this thing oh uses so so
much RAM it actually stores your entire
model as a point Cloud as it scans in
your system Ram which goes really fast
and works really well if you have a
computer such as this one and not so
much if your computer is a bit more like
this this is made by shining 3D they
make a whole bunch of different scanners
but we think that the Ein scan Pro 2X
is probably the sweet spot you can get
cheaper scanners but in our experience
those kind of they're just a bit janky
they're kind of hard to use it's nowhere
near as fast as my personal favorite 3D
scanner these guys right here and some
3D modeling that said
though it took me about 5 minutes to
learn how to use this thing and it's
already just so freaking fast and easy I
absolutely love it also in the Box we we
get this right here which pairs with
this guy right here this is a
calibration plate so that we can make
sure that every single time that we 3D
scan stuff it's going to be real nice
and accurate we have a switching power
adapter from fsp this guy right here is
good for 60 WS delivered over a barrel
Jack also a little phone mount so if you
want to mount your phone onto this guy
right here you can do that so you don't
have to be looking over at your laptop
to see how your scan is going in and
finally in here we have got some markers
these things are for when you have say a
really large flat surface like the back
of a computer case you can put a bunch
of markers on it so that your 3D scan
doesn't lose where it's at if you have
something that has a whole bunch of
features like Buzz Light you're here it
can pretty easily see like okay that's
there as you're moving along it's
tracking this point and making sure that
everything lines up from frame to frame
whereas if you you have just a big flat
object it can be a lot more difficult
for it to figure out where exactly it is
which is when you use these markers for
power and data on the in Scan they
actually have this really interesting
way of doing it if you look at the USB
cable it's both a USB cable and a power
cable so this plugs into your computer
right uh there and then we have their
Barrel Jack which plugs in right there
and now it's on all right let's do
another calibration this is partially
just so you guys can see it we did a
calibration yesterday but also when you
change environments and lighting and
stuff like that it's best to just go and
rip another calibration and that way you
know it's all working just fine and it's
really fast too so we're going to just
come in right here I'm just pointing the
square at the spot in the
middle and we are now good I now need to
take it and like he's showing on the
screen there attach it to this exactly
like that now we just do that again
we're going to press the play button up
on top and just move away a little bit
now we rotate at
90° do that again four times now we have
three options for scans in here the
first is the fixed scan now we do have
the turntable on the way which is
fantastic for if you want to really
accurately 3D scan a small model but at
the same time if we have a small model
I'm probably just going to Chuck it in
the Luma field and do it that way most
people are not cross shopping on scans
and Luma Fields but we have both since
we're not doing a fix scan we can go and
choose between HD scans or rapid scans
the main difference that the HD scan is
going to be scanning at 10 FPS whereas
the rapid is at 30 you do sacrifice some
of your detail by doing the rapid scan
but that's what we're going to do right
now name Buzz Lighty here now I was
asking here how we want to do our mode
of ignment so that's how it figures out
from frame to frame what those different
like 2D is images turn into in 3D As you
move around markers we showed off before
those are for more like large flat
surfaces but buzzl Lightyear has loads
of little tiny features so we're just
going to use that I think medium
resolution is just fine that's 1 mm but
if we want to go all the way down to2 of
a millimet we can but we're just going
to go fast right here we've got our nice
scanning platform here here it's a Home
Depot bucket covered in dutin can Chuck
Buzz right on the top here and there's
only one more thing that we have to do
before we can start our scan let tell
you about today's sponsor circuit
specialists are you looking for
electronic components and Equipment
circuit specialists provides tools and
supplies to the stem community at
competitive prices you can explore their
wide range of offerings including
resistors capacitors soldering stations
oscilloscopes and more and by leveraging
their technology and sourcing expertise
their goal is to give customers access
to tools and parts that may otherwise be
prohibitively expensive or outright
unavailable their commitment to Quality
ensures that you receive reliable and
high performance products that are
suited for your needs so don't wait let
circuit specialists help you upgrade
your electronics toolkit and by checking
them out at the link down below and
using Code lmg you can save 10% so
there's our preview as you can see on
the left what we want is to set the
brightness correctly when it gets too
bright everything turns red that means
that we're not doing so good we won't be
able to capture the detail we turn it
down too much and same sort of thing we
don't have enough brightness we want to
turn it up just until there's a little
bit of red in our image and that's where
it's going to be perfect now if I'm
honest I'm not 100% sure how this works
but what I believe is happening is that
it's blasting a pattern from the center
right here and then it's using the
cameras here and here and the difference
stereoscopically between the two is how
it does math and figures out how far
away something is all right let's start
some scanning oh this thing works so
well I'm I'm basically just painting in
Buzz now going around him checking that
the scan's working there one thing that
does happen from time to time is if I
move away from him the tracking will be
lost and the thing that this scanner in
particular is really really good at is
getting its tracking back in the rice SP
like look right there it's just right
back on it and going again I've had a
lot of trouble in the past with other
scanners where if you just simply go and
lose some tracking when you come back on
it'll just start adding stuff in the
complete wrong spot which is really not
fantastic one thing that you guys might
be noticing is that it's having some
trouble picking up his belt right here
that's because it's black 3D scanners
really don't like stuff that's super
dark or super shiny because it's using
cameras to figure out where the stuff is
and if the camera doesn't see anything
it does not scan it one thing also if we
get too close you'll see that this turns
red and if we get too far away it turns
blue so it's really nice to have an
indicator right here that I am at the
correct distance when it is green we
just continue going around Buzz here
we're almost done and I think that's
about as good as we're going to get
right now all right now before we head
on I just want to get rid of some junk
so we got a little bit of our Home Depot
bucket goodbye I'm just shift clicking
to select the
stuff goodbye you know you don't have to
get rid of the stuff right now you can
do it later but it's just a little bit
easier if you don't even have to worry
about postprocessing you can just just
delete all of that I accidentally
selected some of my actual model so I
can control click Circle that bring it
back now delete the stuff that I don't
want want and I think we're about good
I'm just going to hit generate Point
clouds and it should look a lot better
now I just need to select between an
unwatered and watertight models so
that's just the difference between it
filling in these areas where I didn't
quite get something scanned we're just
going to go watertight and see how well
it does that is pretty darn good given
that we just super quickly did this well
I wasn't even really paying attention to
the scan I was paying attention to
presenting
this is a very very usable model look
look at him just just look at Buzzy buzz
it looks great now we can just save him
here I'm going to do a STL and you can
open that up in solid works or Fusion
360 or whatever 3D modeling software you
prefer the next thing we want to scan is
this PC case now as we talked about
earlier stuff that is shiny and stuff
that is black can cause problems and as
you can see stuff is either shiny or
black so we need to do a little bit to
get around that first thing we're going
to do is place down markers now you want
to put these down not in a pattern
they're supposed to be organized such
that they sort of just are existing
there if you have them in specific
patterns it can get confused between
like oh is it this pattern of four or
that pattern four or that pattern of
four don't do that just have them be
completely random and it will be much
happier now that we've given our case
the case of the chicken poox we can go
and get rid of those dark and shiny
areas using this stuff right here which
is scanning spray if you want you can
just use chalk or your feet smell powder
or stuff like that but the nice thing
about this is that it auto vanishes it
just kind of evaporates after a couple
of hours how good that is for you I
don't know but it smells pretty
bad there we
go cool all right let's see how well
this works I did try this yesterday with
no markers
and with no spray and it just didn't
really work which is expected one thing
to note is that you want to get as
perpendicular as you can you want to be
scanning your stuff kind of like this
you don't want to be doing it like that
well we're scanning this just some basic
speeds and feeds so this thing right
here has an accuracy of up to
0.045 mm which is really freaking small
it also has a volumetric ACC accuracy of
0.3 mm per meter with markers alignment
and it right now it is scanning at 10
FPS although we did do 30 before now one
thing that you might have noticed is
that we're only capturing 3D data and no
textures but that is an option if you
want there is a texture upgrade and that
just goes in right here as you can see
there's a little USB header so you plug
in the camera there it locks in and then
you can do full color and get those nice
textures on your 3D models right out of
the scan although for the most part
we're not super concerned about that
what we want to be doing is getting
computer cases like this one into solid
works as quickly as we can so we can do
just Bonkers stuff to it we'll finish up
the scan of the computer case later it's
taking a fair while and I want to get to
some other stuff as you can see here
though we looked at it in post and it
did a fantastic job good job Justin
thanks for doing that speaking of Justin
he is the one that really pushed for us
to get the Ein scan Pro 2x specifically
he has used this in the past as a prop
maker to scan a whole bunch of famous
people like Nick Cage Rita Jones and I'm
going to be joining him in scanning
famous people Belle get over
here I'm glad my mustache will be
captured in 3D if it tells you I'm too
dark it's RAC just look at that it works
really really well on people they have
so many unique features we can just go
right around them here and if you're
like a prop maker or someone like that
this can be incredibly useful so that
you can 3D scan someone in and make sure
that you have a nearly perfect model of
them in 3D so you can print off like
Prosthetics and stuff like that to make
them all freaky looking or nice I guess
if you want Belle definitely would be in
a horror movie though it's actually
super fast at scanning people this is
the easiest scan that I've done so far
by a lot oh I need to get the top of his
head feeling that beak there this
feeling weird yet mhm good I think
that's about good that looks that
looks yeah that's definitely not
something you want to be doing if you
are one with the epilepsy but look at
that Bell that we have right there ah I
can't wait for my uh my deep fake you're
going to make with that mesh
model watertight quality high quality
only the highest of qualities for Bell
that is really quite good given how
quick and dirty that scan was we have
done an excellent job I think there are
some spots that I clearly missed like I
didn't get right up underneath his cap
and I didn't realize that I missed a
tiny bit of the top but at the same time
like it very clearly got the LT logo on
the top we come in here all of this
should be really accurate so if we
wanted to make something to put on
Belle's head or something like that we
very easily could for how quick that was
I think this scan is really freaking
good we can now 3D print ourselves off a
whole bunch of little mini bells and
Chuck them around the office it's going
to be fantastic we have so much stuff
planned for this thing right here I
cannot wait to like 3D scan the back of
pl's car and just do some really stupid
stuff to it if you want to say put a
subwoofer in an awkward spot in your
trunk you can just scan it with this
make sure it fits in nice and perfectly
we're going to be just scanning loads
and loads of computer cases with this
thing to make sure that we can you know
custom mod it in ways that are just
really really perfect and I'm just
shocked at how easy this thing is to use
now it is expensive this thing right
here is a around
$5,000 which is not cheap but at the
same time I have in the past used the
cheap ones and I have always found that
they are just worse than not having a 3D
scanner so it's kind of a weird price
jump between you either use your iPhone
and a pair of calipers and then you go
straight up to this guy right here and
oh my God this thing works really
freaking well and I cannot wait to just
3D scan everything or CT scan it we we
have both now we're going to have some
incredible projects for you in the near
future just like you viewer are
incredible huge thanks for watching hit
like get subscribed and I really hope
that that garbage truck stops making so
much noise it didn't see you later